(DOCSP-6610): Adding Markup Guide to Style Guide. (#21)
mongodb/docs-meta: source/style-guide/markup/format/substitutions.txt

=============
Substitutions
=============

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. include:: /includes/styles/corrections.rst

> Substitutions

Reviewer: Not 100% sure, but II think these are replaced by source constants in Snooty. If we want to continue to include information that only works with old gen builds, we should identify it as such.

-------------

> |rst| supports text replacements from variables. These are called

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{+rst+} supports text replacements from variables called
```

> _substitutions_. Substitutions can be declared at any point in a
> document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_substitutions_. You can declare substitutions at any point in a
document.
```

Sphinx further supports placing multiple Substitutions in the
:sphinx:`rst_epilog </usage/configuration.html#confval-rst_epilog>` of
the configuration file. This Sphinx variable array renders as a string

> of |rst| with all Substitutions at the end of every page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of {+rst+} with all Substitutions at the end of every page.
```

.. caution::

>    If you don't include a single blank line at the end of your |rst|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If you don't include a single blank line at the end of your {+rst+}
```

   file, the Substitution `rst_epilog` generates one build error for
   every Substitution defined in that file.

Use Substitutions with the following guidelines:

> - Do not include Substitutions in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Don't include Substitutions in
```

  :doc:`Headings </style-guide/markup/format/headings>`. The text that

>   replaces the Substitution may be longer than the underline and

Reviewer 2: **Style:** See [might](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#term-might).

```suggestion
  replaces the Substitution might be longer than the underline and
```

  result in a build error.

- Add your Substitution to the
  :sphinx:`rst_epilog </usage/configuration.html#confval-rst_epilog>`

>   array in the `conf.py` file if you plan to use it in more than one

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  array in the ``conf.py`` file if you plan to use it in more than one
```

>   page. The most common error when adding to the `rst_epilog` is
>   forgetting to end the line with a comma (``,``).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  page. Errors commonly occur if you add to the `rst_epilog`
  and don't end the line with a comma (``,``).
```

> - Do not include a Substitution within inline formatting or links. It

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Don't include a substitution within inline formatting or links. The substitution
```

  doesn't render and generates a build error.

  .. list-table::
     :header-rows: 1
     :widths: 50 50

     * - Use
       - Avoid

     * -

         .. code-block:: rst

>             :guilabel:`Using restructuredText`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            :guilabel:`Using {+rst+}`
```

       -

         .. code-block:: rst
            :copyable: false

>             :guilabel:`Using |rst|`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            :guilabel:`Using {+rst+}`
```

Source Constants
----------------

MongoDB developed Source Constants to offer capabilities that

> Substitutions cannot. Source Constants replace variables with values

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Substitutions can't. Source Constants replace variables with values
```

> before the ``docutils`` renderer runs. This results in the value text

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
before the ``docutils`` renderer runs. Therefore, the value text
```

> being included before the |rst| is transformed into HTML.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is included before the {+rst+} transforms into HTML.
```

> Source Constants can:
> 
> - Be used within inline formatting.
> - Be used within links or cross-references.
> - Be placed only in the ``conf.py`` file and _not_ in any file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can do the following with source constants:

- Use them within inline formatting.
- Use them within links or cross-references.
- Place them only in the ``conf.py`` file and _not_ in any file.
```

To enable Source Constants:

.. code-block:: py
   :linenos:
   :emphasize-lines: 11

   extensions = [
       'sphinx.ext.extlinks',
       'sphinx.ext.todo',
       'mongodb',
       'directives',
       'intermanual',
       'testcode',
       'tabs',
       'icon',
       'xmlrole',
       'source_constants',
       'guides'
   ]

To declare a Source Constant:

> 1. Edit the ``conf.py``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Edit the ``conf.py`` file.
```

2. Add a variable name and value in the Python dictionary:

   .. code-block:: py
      :linenos:
      :emphasize-lines: 4

      source_constants = {
          'package-branch': 'testing',
          'package-name-org': 'mongodb-org',
          'version': version
      }

> To use a Source Constant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a source constant, surround it with curly braces and a plus sign as shown in the following example:
```
